This season has 28 teams.
The top 1 teams from each division go to the postseason, plus 1 wild cards.
The AL has 162 games per team.
The NL has 162 games per team.
The ALC has more contenders at the end of the season than I expected: ['CHA', 'CLE', 'KCA', 'MIL', 'MIN']. This discrepancy is either because I still handle ties incorrectly, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The ALE has more contenders at the end of the season than I expected: ['BAL', 'BOS', 'DET', 'NYA', 'TOR']. This discrepancy is either because I still handle ties incorrectly, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The ALW has more contenders at the end of the season than I expected: ['CAL', 'OAK', 'SEA', 'TEX']. This discrepancy is either because I still handle ties incorrectly, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The NLC has more contenders at the end of the season than I expected: ['CHN', 'CIN', 'HOU', 'PIT', 'SLN']. This discrepancy is either because I still handle ties incorrectly, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The NLE has more contenders at the end of the season than I expected: ['ATL', 'FLO', 'MON', 'NYN', 'PHI']. This discrepancy is either because I still handle ties incorrectly, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The NLW has more contenders at the end of the season than I expected: ['COL', 'LAN', 'SDN', 'SFN']. This discrepancy is either because I still handle ties incorrectly, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The AL has more wild card contenders (who are not leading their divisions) at the end of the season than I expected: ['BAL', 'BOS', 'CAL', 'CLE', 'DET', 'KCA', 'MIL', 'MIN', 'OAK', 'SEA', 'TOR']. This discrepancy is either because my analysis is wrong, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
The NL has more wild card contenders (who are not leading their divisions) at the end of the season than I expected: ['ATL', 'CHN', 'COL', 'FLO', 'HOU', 'NYN', 'PHI', 'PIT', 'SDN', 'SFN', 'SLN']. This discrepancy is either because my analysis is wrong, or it was an actual tie and they held a playoff later on.
